what is up you guys welcome back to my
youtube channel today we are going to be
covering a topic that I get asked about
almost every single day and that is the
topic of sponsors how to get sponsored
everybody wants a sponsor
[Music]
sponsors could be very very desirable
because not only do you get to enjoy
your favorite products or your favorite
apparel every day for free or at a
discount but you get to also share it
with everybody that you know and
hopefully positively affect their lives
and help change their lives through this
sponsorship so I'm going to go over my
top five ways you can get noticed and
get sponsored by the people that you
want to work with number one today we
live in a digital world almost
everything is advertised through social
media now and if you are going to get
sponsors that's going to be the first
place that they look is your social
media who are you and how big of an
influence do you have through your
social media because that's going to be
how you promote their product so the
first point that I want to make is that
make sure that all of your social media
platforms reflect what you want it to
reflect and reflect what they want to
put out as a company so if you are I
don't know going for a just pulling this
out of my you-know-what but if you're
gonna try to get sponsored by a bikini
company and your your Instagram page is
just of food they're gonna be like what
that doesn't make sense you want to make
sure that your your Instagram page is
like you as pictures of you at the beach
in a bikini or at the pool you know all
bikinis because they're gonna bag okay
she's marketable for our area of you
know product whatever you get one thing
so make sure that your social media
pages reflect what that company wants it
to reflect and is like on the same page
also make sure that you have as many
social media platforms as you possibly
can because the more people that you are
reaching the more valuable you are as a
person that's being sponsored as the
more platforms that you have a handle on
the more marketable you are towards the
company there we go
so that I'm talking like Facebook
Instagram Twitter YouTube snapchat be
all across the board you can definitely
have one be your strength and
the winning focus on the most bit the
more you have the better number two is I
want to encourage you guys so much to go
after the companies that you want to be
sponsored by if you just sit around on
your ass waiting for the companies to
stumble across your page and think oh my
gosh they would be perfect for our page
that's going to take forever to happen
it might not even happen so what I
recommend for you to do is take a piece
of paper write down all of the companies
that you would like to work with that
you would accept a sponsorship from and
just outline it all just like one two
three four in priorities okay then take
this list and go back to social media
pages make sure that they all are in
line with what you are putting out on
your social media think about being in
that company's shoes and what would you
be looking for okay men dogs crazy what
would you be looking for if you are a
company looking for an athlete or
someone to share their product and make
sure that you are an embodiment of that
and it really helps to write stuff down
so like write your first company write
what you think that they are looking for
right there mission you know and kind of
do some self-reflection and see which
company works best with you and oh my
god suma my camera over by the way you
guys Simba broke my camera lens and so
I've been using my phone for the past
like two weeks because this is happening
outline it bullet point everything
writing it down is like the key to
success once you have it all outlined
and prioritized and you think that your
pages are exactly what they're looking
for I would write them an email or find
them on social media outline a message
that says hi my name is blah blah blah
this and just make it as short and
concise as possible so make it because
you don't want them they don't want to
open an email and see a huge paragraph
they're not going to read it let me just
tell you that right now they're not
going to read it bullet point really
clear and concise and to the point
hi my name is blank these are my social
media handles boom boom boom boom this
is the reasons why I would be good with
for working for your team bullet points
this is these are my goals and what I'm
going to achieve
don't be wish you watching oh I want to
be
this is about know this is what I am
going to achieve this is what I have
achieved this is what I am achieving now
be really confident and to the point
direct confidence is really going to
come through and make yourself stand out
to a company and say you know always end
with something like I absolutely love
your products I absolutely love your
apparel I love your bikinis whatever it
may be
I've been wearing them for X amount of
years you can see it on my social media
and make sure that you have pictures of
yourself using your products because
that's huge they don't want to bring
someone on if they're not sure if they
even use their products and that's
something that you should like
definitely it looks for in a companies
do you really actually genuinely love
their products or are you just living
the idea okay
and then once you have that bullet
pointed out in your message the very
last thing you should say is maybe you
don't have a lot of followers I'm just
kind of guessing right now but say you
know I know that my social media
following is somewhat small at the
moment I am I am working on this daily
to grow and improve I would love to hear
a response back but if I don't I will
check in with you guys in another month
please keep me on your radar you know
something like that that's like hey I
know that I might not be what you're
looking for at the moment but keep me on
your radar and I will check back in with
you so you don't even give them a you
know a choice you know you're saying I
am going to check back in with you put
me on your radar you know being very
confident in to the point like that is
really going to help so maybe you don't
hear back from them in another month
follow back up and take that same
message and say since my last email this
is what I've accomplished this is bla
bla bla bla bla give them a short little
update also include photos and I'm not
saying like a million photos include one
photo one image with a bunch of
different photos in it so they can see
what you look like just with one click
you know take your top four or five
favorite photos of yourself or you know
the photos that most embody with them is
a company and include it in that email
you can also attach a resume but I don't
think that's really necessary but I
depends on what you what sponsorship
you're going for oh yeah also for number
two tag them in your photos like be as
noticeable as you can tag them hashtag
them tag the people that are associated
with them you know the more chance you
have of appearing in their lives all the
time the more chance they'll be like oh
it's this girl again it's this guy again
you know I better look into them and be
relevant is my point I just went over a
number three oh wait yeah number three
um don't give up so you might send you
might be like all jazzed after you watch
this movie movie this video and you
might say wow Kati is so smart and I'm
gonna go get spotted now and you do
everything that I say you still don't
hear back from them it's been four
months and you sent them for emails and
you haven't heard back just don't give
up be persistent the more consistent and
persistent you are the higher chance
you'll get of being on their team and
you know you can always just just like
send the same email to everybody that
you know that's on their team like do
everything you can to get noticed by
that company because a lot of times what
happens is companies get people coming
to them every day saying the same thing
I want to be on your team I want to be
sponsored by you but how are you going
to be different you're going to be
different by being persistent and like
really showing them that you want this
and that you are serious about it I'm
going to go into a little bit of a story
time now when I was in high school I
worked for Victoria's Secret in
Albuquerque New Mexico for like two
years and we had this method of hiring
people because we would get a lot of
applicants and we would always say oh
yeah we're always accepting applications
if you want to turn one in so we put all
of the applications that we got in a
nice little stack and that stack would
sit there unlooked at until someone came
in again and said hey I'm following up
on my application once they said they
made that follow-up thing we would take
their application out and actually
review it because you're like okay this
is the person that really wants a job
and we would say oh no we're going to
call you we're going to call you don't
call us back even though we said that we
still look for people who
came back and followed up and we're
persistent and bugged us because we are
we were way more likely to hire someone
who was like consistently showing us
that this is what they wanted and this
is you know go get it then someone who
was just turning in applications to all
over the mall you know so take that
analogy and put it into motion with your
sponsorship and journey finding I'm
going to tell you the story of how I got
sponsored by one of nutrition which I
kind of covered in a couple videos like
a long time ago but so I was was not
sponsored by a supplement company I was
waiting because I wanted to be with
someone that I really loved their
products obviously I'm never whoops
coming on see me stop running my video
so I have been using one of nutrition
products for like well over two years
now and I honestly love them so much and
I know that they were a very hard
company to get sponsored by because they
had all of their athletes were just very
big Fitness influence influencers and at
the time I was not a big Fitness
influencer yet um I can't have to throw
it look at how excited you
okay anyways so I sent them to me them
an email and I said exactly what I told
you guys to say and I never heard back
I didn't hear back and then about two
months later and sent another one and I
got an email back and it says thank you
for your emails Katy we they didn't go
unnoticed but right now we're not
looking for anybody so sorry basically
they told me no but I did not let that
stop me from pursuing them I kept
pursuing them I kept asking and kept
checking up with them I kept saying like
hey I know that you said you weren't
looking for a spot for any athletes
right now but just wanted to let you
know that I'm still really interested in
working with you guys
like we laid out all my bullet points
this is how much I've grown since then
let's talk to you please keep me in mind
if you're looking for anybody I'm and
check back within it back in with you
again you know so I just kept being
persistent and then finally I got by the
head of God Heidi summers put in a good
word for me and then that got me an
interview and I got an interview with
the with the CEO one of the CEOs of the
company and it was a telephone call and
it went really really well and he was
really excited to talk to me I was like
oh my god I finally did it like all this
persisting paid off well then I get
another phone call and he's like you
know I've been doing a lot of thinking I
talked with my partner and it's just not
a good time to bring you on right now it
just doesn't make sense for us
business-wise you know so they turned me
down again and I was like oh dang it you
know and then um a couple months later
they just reached out to me and they're
like hey we've been doing things some
thinking and we've been following you
and you know I think it's I'm sorry that
I said no before but I think we're going
to bring you on now and I was just like
okay there's oh it's baby Jesus thank
you so much so you know that just goes
to show you like if you are persistent
in what you want to go after you will
get it so um that's just my little
hopefully that inspires you little story
and I'm so grateful to be with one of
nutrition there is such a good company
they they treat their athletes so well
and they have freaking amazing products
that I love to
yes so I highly recommend that if you
guys are looking for products and yes
that was a shameless plug but she's my
bitch girl code good anyways um okay
next to the story of how I got sponsored
by lived it we fit apparel right here
nice cute top so this is a totally
different story
I got sponsored by list at first and I
loved with it I was there oh gee I was
there oh gee customer I had all the very
first items that that came out with back
when Rambo was screen-printing stuff in
his car you know like back when it very
first started I was there first like
biggest fan and I'm proud to say that it
was always a dream for me to work with
him or to even just meet them I saw them
at an expo once but I didn't even get to
meet them I was just like oh my god
there's Luther like I love all of them
you know and that's why I was prepping
for my first show and I was wearing a
lipstick crop top and I posted a picture
on Instagram I am about to kill CDs okay
yeah you're ruining this video I posted
picture on instagram wearing the crop
top and I said I tagged a minute um and
I remember asking Ryan I was like Ryan
should I tag them in this he was like
yeah why not you know so I did and then
about three hours later I was in the
shower and Ryan was in my living room or
something and I gotta have the shower
and got chest and then he was like oh my
god Katie okay look at your Instagram
open your Instagram he's like freaking
out I was like what the heck is wrong
with you okay so I opened my Instagram
and I was like lip it reposted my photo
oh my god and we just like screamed and
ran around the house and we were so
excited and happy I was like where am I
do what I do
oh my god I've to do something wrong we
do so I am messaged I message Randall
and I was or I think I messaged the
lifted page I was like hey just want to
say thank you so much for my shout out
on your page I love you guys you know
and I wasn't asking for a sponsorship I
just told him like how much it really
meant to me that they posted it and that
I loved their clothes I was like
practically living your clothes you guys
are an awesome company and thank you for
putting out such a positive uplifting
message for everybody in the industry
and they were like you're welcome you
look great you know keep doing what
you're doing and that was it and I went
through me kill my dogs right now okay
you guys you guys started go outside go
outside
anyways I went through my competition
fast equation
anyways I went through my competition I
got first place at my show and then
little did I know a message was waiting
for me in my DMS from limpet saying like
hey congrats on winning your show we've
been watching you and we'd love to
invite you to the warehouse to meet the
team super vague and I was like meet the
team what does that mean you know so I
didn't get to go to a fit warehouse for
another three weeks after my show and
that meant I was like I have to look
good I can't just go off the you know
off the charts and rebound like
supercard so I kept my leanness as much
as possible went to the warehouse and
sure enough they were like it was take
some photos of student test photo shoots
so we did I didn't know that that was
going to happen but we did a test photo
shoot it went really well and then a
week later I was fine with it so that is
just a little background story on how I
got sponsored by them again that's like
I am so grateful Thank You universe for
giving me the two best sponsors on the
planet but I just want to tell you guys
that I was in your shoes once and I want
to share with you how I got what I
wanted because it is out there for you
to get and it is all yours if you want
you just have to take the right steps to
getting it so don't give up like go
after what you want and the companies
that you really want to work for don't
tell yourself that it's out of reach
because that will just make it out of
reach for you it is in within reach you
have just as much time as everybody else
does in the day like you can do this and
just put your mind to it and don't like
let that go okay fourth point sorry that
was a long story but fourth point is
networking networking is so important
Wow networking is so important for
growing on social media and getting
sponsors because the more people you
know in the industry that you're trying
to get a sponsor it doesn't even have to
be
is the more likely you are to get
noticed and meet people who would give
you the sponsorship and you know the
more people you know the better just
like was one of like you know like they
were saying no to me until I had Heidi
put my name in so it was only because I
knew Heidi that they were like okay
maybe we should look into this girl a
little bit more so my point is you don't
have to know a big famous superstar to
get favors pulled for you but make
friends with people in the industry that
you want to work in you know make
friends with people who have already
accomplished what you want to accomplish
surround yourself with people who are
doing what you want to do and what your
goals are like surround yourself with
people who are already doing that and
more because that's just going to
inspire you and you're going to become a
network of individuals who are embedded
in what you want to do and there's no
place for you to go except follow in
their footsteps when you are totally
surrounded by that
okay so networking and the number-5 do
things that will grow your social media
because even if you know everybody in
the industry and you have the most
amazing body it really comes down to how
will you help them as a business and for
people for companies who are you know
sponsoring people it's all about what is
that person's influence and outreach so
doing things that will grow your social
media is literally key for getting
noticed and getting what you want keep
in mind that the companies are a
business and don't take it personally if
they say no just think take take it sit
back be objective and say like okay this
is a business if I was at business what
would I want in an athlete what would I
want in someone that I sponsored and do
things with your social media that will
grow into that
whether that's shoutouts with other
people who are you know the same as you
to grow your following whether that's I
recommend doing shout outs maybe in IG
stories only because if you do shout
outs on your main page it can be kind of
annoying to your followers but maybe do
a couple edgy shout outs do
collaborations on you too
to do collaborations and just go work
out with someone and you know if you
guys post a picture together working out
you know that's 500 other followers or a
thousand other followers that had never
seen you before it is now introduced to
you be consistent with your posting you
don't want to be that person who only
post once a week because why our people
are going to follow you if you only post
once a week so be consistent post at
least once a day at the same time every
day try to I always try to post one in
the morning and then you know spaced it
out to the day don't post more than four
times because Instagram this is a little
PSA announcement public service
announcement Instagram if you post more
than four times a day will automatically
limit the people who will see your posts
after that because it thinks that your
spam so maximum four posts a day hashtag
your things
you know tag people that you like are
inspired by because people who look like
if you tag me in your photos anybody who
looks at my tagged photos will see your
picture and that will be like
introducing you you know so do things
like that what that will help you grow
your social media a little bit those are
my top five tips on how to get noticed
by sponsors and how to get the sponsors
that you really want so if you liked
this video and if you think that this is
helpful please give it a big thumbs up
because you guys don't know how much
that helps me comment if you have
anything you'd like to say or if you
need any more help with this with your
endeavors on the sponsorship and please
please please subscribe you don't know
how much that helps me and my goals and
dreams and I want to leave this video
with the fact that there is room for
everyone to grow so if you found this
video helpful and you're like oh my gosh
I don't want anybody to look at this
video because I want to be the only
successful one that's not the way to
look at it there's there is multitude of
success for everybody out there everyone
can be successful there is no limit and
there is it's not going to run out so in
sharing your success with with other
people and in wanting other people to
succeed you are only helping your
yourself grow you know you are you you
get what you receive if you put out
positivity
and you know vibes for people to succeed
you're only going to get lives for you
to succeed and you're only going to
succeed more in return so that is that
is what I want to leave this video at
with today so I will stop talking and
boring you guys and I will see you next
Monday Wednesday and Friday here on my
channel at 5 p.m.
[Music]